Fix: #1842. Remove normative text in sec & IANA. (#1850)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

accessing the representation. Such an attack consumes the resources of both
endpoints. See also {{digest-and-content-location}}.

> Insecure and collision-prone digest-algorithms do not usually fit signature use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most signature use cases require transitive trust between parties, and in these cases insecure and collision-prone digest-algorithms ought to be avoided for security purposes.
```

Author: Since  [we mention a requirement on adversarial cases, here](https://www.ietf.org/id/draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers-07.html#section-6-8) I would reference that..
```suggestion
Since signatures are meant to protect against adversarial use cases, insecure and collision-prone algorithms do not provide adequate guarantees (see {{algorithms}}).
```

> Since signatures are meant to protect against adversarial use cases, insecure and collision-prone algorithms do not provide adequate guarantees (see {{algorithms}}).

Author: ```suggestion
Since signatures are meant to protect against adversarial use cases,
insecure and collision-prone algorithms do not provide adequate guarantees
(see {{algorithms}}).
```

accessing the representation. Such an attack consumes the resources of both
endpoints. See also {{digest-and-content-location}}.

> Since signatures are meant to protect against adversarial use cases,

Author: @jricher PTAL. We already have normative language [here](https://www.ietf.org/id/draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers-07.html#section-6-8)
